PR for SRVCOM-3722: Release notes, known issues and bug fixes for 1.35.1 (#92308)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-rn-1-35-1.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies
//
// * about/serverless-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-rn-1-35-1_{context}"]
= Red Hat {ServerlessProductName} 1.35.1

> {ServerlessProductName} 1.34.1 is now available. This release of {ServerlessProductName} addresses identified Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) to enhance security and reliability. Fixed issues and known issues that pertain to {ServerlessProductName} on {ocp-product-title} are included in the following notes:

Author: Done! Thank you for catching this

[id="fixed-issues-1-35-1_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Previously, the `kafka-controller-post-install-1.35` job failed after installing `KnativeKafka` if the `KafkaChannel` feature was not enabled. This issue has been fixed. The post-install job now completes successfully, even when `KafkaChannels` are disabled.

> * Previously, the `sinks.knative.dev` API group was missing from the KnativeEventing aggregate cluster roles. As a result, non-admin users encountered the following error when running `oc get all` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the `sinks.knative.dev` API group was missing from the KnativeEventing aggregate cluster roles. As a result, non-admin users encountered the following error when running the `oc get all` command:
```

+
[source,sql]
----
jobsinks.sinks.knative.dev is forbidden: User "user" cannot list resource "jobsinks" in API group "sinks.knative.dev" in the namespace "test"
----
+
This issue has been resolved. The `sinks.knative.dev` API group is now included in the `knative-eventing-namespaced` aggregate cluster roles. Users with `view`, `edit`, or `admin` roles can now read and list sinks in their own namespaces.

[id="known-issues-1-35-1_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * In some scenarios, cluster-scoped resources such as webhook configurations may remain after uninstalling, reinstalling, or upgrading KnativeServing or the {ServerlessOperatorName}. These leftover resources can block the reconciliation process and prevent KnativeServing from installing properly.When this issue occurs, you may see an error similar to the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In some scenarios, cluster-scoped resources such as webhook configurations may remain after uninstalling, reinstalling, or upgrading KnativeServing or the {ServerlessOperatorName}. These leftover resources can block the reconciliation process and prevent KnativeServing from installing properly. When this issue occurs, you may see an error similar to the following:
```

> * In some scenarios, cluster-scoped resources such as webhook configurations may remain after uninstalling, reinstalling, or upgrading KnativeServing or the {ServerlessOperatorName}. These leftover resources can block the reconciliation process and prevent KnativeServing from installing properly. When this issue occurs, you may see an error similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In some scenarios, cluster-scoped resources, such as webhook configurations, might remain after uninstalling, reinstalling, or upgrading KnativeServing or the {ServerlessOperatorName}. These leftover resources can block the reconciliation process and prevent KnativeServing from installing properly. When this issue occurs, you might see an error similar to the following:
```
IBM SG recommends "might" for possibility.

> * In some scenarios, cluster-scoped resources such as webhook configurations, might remain after uninstalling, reinstalling, or upgrading KnativeServing or the {ServerlessOperatorName}. These leftover resources can block the reconciliation process and prevent KnativeServing from installing properly. When this issue occurs, you might see an error similar to the following:

Reviewer 3: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_known_issue

+
[source,terminal]
----

> failed to apply non rbac manifest: Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook \"webhook.serving.knative.dev\": failed to call webhook: Post \"https://webhook.knative-serving.svc:443/?timeout=10s\": no endpoints available for service \"webhook\"

Reviewer: Should there be a hyphen between "non" and "rbac"?

Author: I verified this with the SME, which is also present in the reference JIRA: [SRVKS-1301](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVKS-1301). So, keeping it as it is.

----
+

> As a workaround, you can manually delete the stuck webhook configurations to allow the reconciliation to proceed by using the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As a workaround, you can now manually delete the stuck webhook configurations so that the reconciliation can continue by running the following commands:
```

Reviewer 3: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#:~:text=Use%20uppercase.-,allow%20verb,-Avoid%20stating%20that

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete mutatingwebhookconfiguration webhook.serving.knative.dev
----
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc delete validatingwebhookconfiguration config.webhook.serving.knative.dev validation.webhook.serving.knative.dev

Reviewer 4: I don't think this command is formatted properly. Should be one line or include \ at the end of lines. It's also inconsistent with the command immediately preceding it. Please confirm formatting with SME or QE.

Author: I will check with the SME and QE

Author: @ShaunaDiaz
The command used is correct; I checked with the QE. 
The command deletes two `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` resources: `config.webhook.serving.knative.dev` and `validation.webhook.serving.knative.dev`.

The other (previous) command removes just one `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` named `webhook.serving.knative.dev`
